Add issues related to failing bags (#331)
artefactual/archivematica-docs: user-manual/transfer/bags.rst

*On this page:*

* :ref:`Bag structure requirements <bag-structure-requirements>`
* :ref:`Unzipped bags <unzipped-bags>`
* :ref:`Zipped bags <zipped-bags>`
* :ref:`Adding metadata to bags <adding-metadata-bags>`
* :ref:`Index and search bag metadata <searching-bags>`

.. _bag-structure-requirements:

Bag structure requirements
--------------------------

Bags must adhere to requirements of the `BagIt`_ specification. If not,

> Archivematica will error and files will be cleaned up and removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the transfer will fail and files will be cleaned up and removed.
```
